two nights ago in the wee hours of April
Fool's I was a victim of another
practical joke from Rihanna she snuck
into my house and woke me up in the
middle of the night with music and
dancers and a confetti cannon it was
terrifying the whole prank is on YouTube
if you haven't seen it but then last
night I was also in Dora I had a very
weird dream that involves cast members
from the show scandal see if he can make
any sense out of this I had a dream I
was having a tea party underwater with
Tony Goldwyn and some of our American
Girl doll friends and I couldn't stop
talking about how much I love tea
parties I love tea parties tea parties
are so much fun and they're not just fun
for me
they're fun for everybody right guys
then Tony asked me if I wanted more tea
and I said no Jimmy can I pour you and
your doll some more tea no thank you
Tony I've had enough tea okay even
though I told him I didn't want any more
tea Tony started pouring but instead of
tea cheese balls came out he kept
pouring and cheese balls kept coming out
until my cup overflows and as he was
doing that all of a sudden Guillermo
Diaz appeared hey Jimmy and he kept
asking me if I wanted cucumber
sandwiches can I offer you and your dog
some cucumber sandwiches cucumber
sandwiches
give me yo comrade no I don't like
cucumber sandwiches and Tony please stop
pouring cheese balls into my tea cup God
Julie Tony bear alone I will not leave
Tony bear alone Tony bear is driving me
crazy
he was driving me crazy so I used my
magic powers to shrink Oni into a doll
[Music]
Jimmy let you turn me into a doll here
Moe got really mad at me for turning
Tonio to a doll how could you do that to
Tony bear you mean Tony doll he's not a
bear he's a doll Tony's doll he's the
doll now his pony doll and by the way he
was a pretty cute doll how'd you know
purple was my favorite color now hear it
doll no I'm not
and then here Modi has turned me into a
dolls
hi my name is Annie Guillermo then
picked me up and he picked Tony up and
he told us we were gonna live with him
now you guys are gonna come live with me
now you're excited I don't think I have
genitals and then a dinosaur ate all
three of us hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks
for watching it means a lot to me and if
you'd like to take our relationship to
the next level click the subscribe
button below I'll wait for you